In this clip we're going to take a look at the concept of having multiple
accounts within a company and managing those accounts.
First of all, a review of the account details at AWS.
We know we have a user account and behind the scenes,
behind that username there is some unique IDs that are assigned
at creation and you can't change these IDs,
they're linked to the account, the account ID,
a 12 digit number, the canonical ID, sometimes called the secret ID,
is a much longer string of numbers and letters.
These IDs can be viewed by administrators in the user account
properties and they're called account identifiers.
So when I'm managing multiple accounts,
they can be handy for the organization of users,
perhaps accounts for development, test, production.
Or maybe separate business departments.
Now accounts separated for specific needs could be
because of security requirements, the location,
maybe a special governance requirement,
trying to manage the risk on what's going on in those
different areas of your company, maybe it's specific development,
maybe it's production.
It's something that you really want control over,
who's accessing those resources?
Now let's say in the test environment somebody's created some resources
and somebody in development says I'd like to be able to access those
resources even though I didn't create them.
Well I can enable cross account access and this will allow an IAM user to
access those resources that were created by the other account.
Now this is not enabled by default, has to be manually enabled,
and the best practice, if I'm going to do this,
then those multiple accounts should have consolidated billing enabled,
this allows you to potentially say use tags for the
different accounts and then you'll be able to get billing on
what's going on with those resources.
So let's look at a couple of potential design scenarios and start off looking
at why would I use a single account or multiple accounts?
Well here's an idea, a single AWS account,
if you're in charge of head office and the branch offices,
if you're doing a lot of the setup, maybe you should have a single account.
Now an example for two accounts could be I've got dev and I've got
test and they're distinctly different areas.
Other account design scenarios to consider,
multiple account locations because I've got San Jose,
New York, Chicago, Toronto,
divisions in my company and the people never really meet.
I want to do the separation, I've got consolidated billing,
I've got tags on the resources, based on San Jose,
New York, et cetera, and I can control what's going on.
So another example other than the locations of the
accounts could be based on the resources.
You're setting up resources for say DNS,
maybe for Active Directory Domain Services,
maybe for IAM itself.
So looking at core resources, but you want control over who does what.
You don't want the people that are doing directory services
to have a hand in DNS and vice versa.
So when we look at a best practice, we want to manage through governance,
so here's an example.
Let's say I've got a governing account that is going to set everything up,
they're in charge.
So I set up a VPC, I set up my networking, I set up the NACLs on that VPC.
I set up the subnets, I set up the accounts,
I set up the IAM, I set up the managed services.
I set up the VPN access, I set up the security groups, I set up the EC2.
It's a functioning environment.
Now somebody's going to use that in my company,
they're going to be the account that's governed.
So in the governed account they'll look at it from the point of view,
oh great I've got some EC2 resources to use,
I've got maybe some database resources, RDS resources to use,
and I've got maybe some elastic block storage.
They're looking at it from a totally different point of view,
they're not setting it up from scratch, but they're utilizing those resources.
So when I have a cross account access establishing trust between the
accounts to get this cross account access to resources,
so in our case the governing account, it has the resources.
It's the trusting account.
And the account that's trying to access those resources,
the governed account, is going to be the trusted account.
Alright so in this demo let's take a look at managing multiple accounts.
Now in regards to Wired Brain Coffee, they have an account at Amazon,
and they have a developer at Amazon,
and what they'd like to do is have the developer account and
their corporate account linked together.
They want to pay all the bills for the developer and they
want some methodology of managing the projects and what's
going on with the developer.
So they want to do some linking.
So logged into the console, if I want to set this sort of concept up,
what I do is go and look at consolidated billing.
So going down to my billing dashboard,
I can then go and set up consolidated billing,
selecting Consolidated Billing from the menu let's
click Sign up for Consolidated Billing.
Now what happens here is that Amazon checks out that my finances are okay,
sends me an email, and says you're good to go.
In the manage requests and accounts we have an option for linked accounts.
Let's send a request to actually link the accounts together.
So we're going to send an email off to the other account,
along with a note that its consolidated billing,
a request to do this, let's click Send, and we'll have to wait,
we'll take a look at our request,
we can see that there is a request for this account.
So eventually the email shows up at the other account,
the request to add account to consolidated bill.
So clicking the link, the two accounts will be linked together.
So the next thing I do is accept my request for consolidated billing.
So now if we go back to consolidated billing, we can see the linked accounts.
So there's the methodology to actually link a couple of accounts together.
So then you can start managing billing.
Now what we can do is set up some cross account access,
so how I would do that is I would go into IAM and
in IAM I would define the role.
So under roles, well what do we want to do?
Well we want the developers that are working with
Wired Brain Coffee to have access, full access,
to EC2, the EC2 instances.
So let's create a new role and we'll call it ec2_access,
click Next Step and select Role for Cross-Account Access.
What we want is the access between accounts that we own,
so we can define some access by clicking Select.
So let's enter in the account ID for the other account.
We could require MFA, Next Step.
What policy do I want to attach out of the managed prebuilt policies?
Let's look at EC2 and select full access, Next Step.
So at the bottom of the screen there's a link which we would give to
the users who can switch roles in the console.
We have the account ID and the role is ec2_access, let's create the role.
So let's test out the role by going over to the other account and seeing if
I can access this account from the other linked account.
So let's log out and we're going to sign into the console and
it's set up to log in as the root user, let's cut and paste in the IAM log on.
So let's enter the account information and log on.
Now I logged on as an IAM user,
so if I go up and select the user name I can switch roles.
So the account I want to connect to, the role - ec2_access.
I can color code it, let's pick blue, and let's click Switch Role.
So you can see at the top right I have gone from one
account to the other using a cross account policy and the
role that we defined allows me, in that account,
full EC2 access.
So the Wired Brain Coffee developers will be happy. So there's a look at some of the concepts of managing multiple accounts.